For this design page, I want to create a reference canvas. The idea with this is having the ability to add in or drop in images. So I can drop in like an image, I could drop in a GIF, I could drop in a video. I can then link back for those videos and images back to its original source. So for example, I might find something on Twitter, I might want to show a Twitter embed, I might find something on a website, I want to reference that website with like a website preview. I might find something like a video or an image from let's say Dribbble, and I want to link to that and I just want to show it. Or I might create or have a screenshot or something, I want to add that in there as well. I want the ability to pretty much show either images and videos that I've saved within my website, like in the public folder, add in external links, and I can set and I've got like all the types, right? So for example, I might put in a Twitter link and I might put the type as Twitter, and then I would have like a certain data set, right? And it'll be like Twitter, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and I can add them all in there. The idea with it is that I can reference back to who it was, what it was, and all these sorts of things. So if it's like a Twitter link, then I could add in different metadata, right? So if it's Twitter link, every single one of them would have maybe a title or notes or something like that. That'd be like a default type of data, and it would have a certain lot. Every single block would have its own type. Twitter's going to have to handle its own embed sort of deal. An image is going to handle differently to a GIF, differently to a video. For an example, we also want the ability to link back to the original source if there is one. So like for example, if it's a video, well, we want to put the link to the video, but that might have a different source link. And then we might have an, we also want like the ability to have like an author so we can link back to the original author. Each of these will show in really beautiful small blocks in the canvas view. The ability also that a user could then select the list view, and then they can see the list of items. So they can see like, you know, they can see in a list rather than a canvas and scroll around. I want the ability to, that we can kind of like show, like, you know, for example, like there might be a group of references in one section and a group of references in another, and they kind of link that way. And then the ability to add in notes. So having in like a title or quick little notes of certain things, like almost like a sketch. I want it to feel similar to something like a scaler drawer or like miller note or something like that, or like obsidian canvas. We can add all these assets in, but it needs to be, it needs to meet the following criteria. It needs to be incredibly quick. It needs to load quick. It needs to be working on web and needs to work across all devices. So mobile, desktop, tablet, et cetera, have the ability to switch between these two and be able to show this canvasy like design and be able to like pass in the values per one. Cause since it's for this design page that we'll have a, pretty much we'll have the design view at the top. Then we'll have a bunch of content explaining about that design. And then we'll have the reference section at the bottom, which would be this canvas slash list view. Use React and find me libraries that will work correctly with this, making everything that I want.